add refresh token helper function to invalidate permissions (#208)
descope/react-sdk: README.md

DESCOPE_TELEMETRY_KEY=""
```

> ## Helper Functions

Reviewer: 👏 great section!

it was definitely missing

You can also use the following functions to assist with various actions managing your JWT.

> `refresh(token = getRefreshToken())` - force a refresh on current session token using an existing valid refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`refresh(token = getRefreshToken())` - Force a refresh on current session token using an existing valid refresh token.
```

> `getJwtRoles(token = getSessionToken(), tenant = '')` - get current (tenant if provided) roles from an existing session token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getJwtRoles(token = getSessionToken(), tenant = '')` - Get current roles from an existing session token. Provide tenant id for specific tenant roles.
```

> `getJwtPermissions(token = getSessionToken(), tenant = '')` - get current (tenant if provided) permissions from an existing session token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getJwtPermissions(token = getSessionToken(), tenant = '')` - Fet current permissions from an existing session token. Provide tenant id for specific tenant permissions.
```
